Document Title: Enemies of the State
Classification: Confidential
Date: July 3rd 2055

This document contains the transcript of a speech given by president Bawool to central party members. At a time of crisis,
the speech motivated many party members to unite against a common enemy, despite the boiling political turmoil. To this date,
the speech is still used as compulsory reading material for all new central party members of the Vulran Government.

*Bawool enters stage, waits for applause to settle.*

Ahem.

We, the Vulranians. A powerful kind, a resilient and perseverant nation... 

It has come to our attention that the sky has dawned closed to us than ever...

So lustful is the moon that mocks us in the long and dreadful nights, and so gloomy is the sun during day, stalking us
through the poisonous fog haunting our capitol. 

But be rest assured, I, the president of Vulran will [inaudible] from the demise they promise to impose upon us. 

My friends, we haven't left this facility in three whole years, the sky creatures are getting closer and closer, while
we dig deeper underground. We do not have a promising future if we keep going like this, so comrades, turn your head
toward our real enemies: the enemies of the state of Vulran. 

So many souls they possess through their hypnotic gas, which gets more and more pungent as they loom nearer. The 
possessed ones may seem like ordinary people, but trust me... [inaudible] can be any one of us!

From this day onward, I want all of us to stop fighting over our ideological and political differences, we are all
Vulranians, and I want all of you to unite against the common enemies, purge them before it's too late. 

One more thing. 

The comrades from the Astral Ministry and I have finalised Skyscorch. At any time, we're ready to launch the missiles
against the sky.

But of course, my dear friends, this comes at a cost... The entire government of Vulran is within close proximity to the
effective detonation point of missile, and launching it will cause us to perish in seconds. 

But if that's what it takes for us to save the four billion citizens of Vulran, then so be it. They'll get a taste of the
courage and sacrifice we are willing to make for our nation. 

So my friends, turn your frustration against our enemies, not at each other, glory to Vulran!

