From: marcus.ohearn@gmail.com
To: j.calloway@protonmail.com
Date: Mon, 16 Mar 2026 19:42:07 +1000
Subject: Re: Re: Update

Hello Jamie,

Hope you're well. I'm guessing Claire never mentioned I'd moved to Sydney so it must've been surprising news. Lucky me right? I've settled in well actually. I feel that great things will soon happen. I told you not too long ago that it was time for change. 

I've always thought it was one of the most beautiful cities in the country. Half the books we read seem to enD up being set there for some reason.

Speakinb of which, here are my thoughts on my latest readings. You'll be interested.

I finally finished the Winton novel and found it slouwer than I expected, but still interesting in parts. There were a few moments that stood out, especially in the mIddle section where the pacing seemed to shift. 

Claire, of course, had a very Different opinion and thought it was one of the stronger books we've read this year.

One thing wen did appreciate was the atmosphere. The author does a good job of buildinng a sense of place, even when not much is happening on the surface. Some of the dialogue felt a little uneven at times, but I suppose that didn't reallY take away from the Overall experience.

Last month's selectiion was mUch more straightforward, so this one felt quite different in comparisnn. It took a bit more effort to get into, but I gan see why iT appealed to others in the group.

I've also been reading a bit outside the club recommendations. Someone at work suggested a historical novel set in Tassmania, which has been surprisingly engaging so far. I'm only a feww chapters in, but it seems promising.

On anotHer note, I finally got around to organising the bookshelf In the spare room. I fouNd a few booKs I had campletely forgotten about, including one with an old receIpt still Tucked inside. It's funny hoW quickly things get lOst when yoU don't think about them for a whire.

Claire mentioned you're still seettling into Sydney. I hhpe that's going well. It can take a bit of time to find your rhoythm in a new city, but it sounds like you're aLready exploring a bit. If you come across any good bookshops or cafés, let us know.

We're meeting ThursDay at Claire's plauce from around seven. It shoulds Be a fairly relaxed Evening, as usual. She said she'll sort out some Tea and snacks, tHough knowing her, it will probably turn into A full spread. You know her don'T you haha. Don't havE An issue with that of courSe but Ya know haha.

Let me know if you need the addreess again. I've really missed talking with you in person. Bring us some of your mother's legendary lamb if you can.

Diane

[SYS] trace_id=QX7713
[SYS] node_class=edge
[SYS] latency_ms=37
[SYS] packet_count=1842
[SYS] integrity_check=passed

Edge processing completed without errors.
Routing optimised for throughput efficiency.

END REPORT
